Okay, so the chaplain Corps is unique. Um, specifically, we're talking
about growth. So we serve the Navy, which has its own, uh, you know,
dynamics with you have. See, you have air, you have sub, you have
special forces, you have the CBS and you have different communities,
the medical community, all of which we serve. And at the same time,
the Marine Corps utilizes Navy chaplains to serve for them. So within
the Marine Corps, you also have the air wing, you have logistics,
you have division with the ground, and you have re kon and Special
Forces with the Marines. And finally, we also served with the Coast
Guard. So then they have the different small bases all around the nation
that you could serve at within the Coast Guard and even some with
the Merchant Marine Academy. So working with civilian crews on this
ship. So the diversity that the Navy offers is unparalleled to any
other service and really any other job